THREEPIO	Did you hear that?  They've shutdown the main reactor.  We'll bedestroyed for sure.  This ismadness!
THREEPIO	We're doomed!
THREEPIO	There'll be no escape for thePrincess this time.
THREEPIO	What's that?
THREEPIO	I should have known better than totrust the logic of a half-sizedthermocapsulary dehousing assister...
LUKE	Hurry up!  Come with me!  Whatare you waiting for?!  Get in gear!
THREEPIO	Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where areyou?
THREEPIO	At last!  Where have you been?
THREEPIO	They're heading in this direction.What are we going to do?  We'll besent to the spice mines of Kesselor smashed into who knows what!
THREEPIO	Wait a minute, where are yougoing?
IMPERIAL OFFICER	The Death Star plans are not inthe main computer.
VADER	Where are those transmissions youintercepted?
REBEL OFFICER	We intercepted no transmissions.Aaah...  This is a consular ship.Were on a diplomatic mission.
VADER	If this is a consular ship... whereis the Ambassador?
VADER	Commander, tear this ship apartuntil you've found those plansand bring me the Ambassador.  Iwant her alive!
TROOPER	There she is! Set for stun!
TROOPER	She'll be all right. Inform LordVader we have a prisoner.
THREEPIO	Hey, you're not permitted in there.It's restricted. You'll bedeactivated for sure..
THREEPIO	Don't call me a mindless philosopher,you overweight glob of grease!  Nowcome out before somebody sees you.
THREEPIO	Secret mission?  What plans?  Whatare you talking about?  I'm notgetting in there!
THREEPIO	I'm going to regret this.
CHIEF PILOT	There goes another one.
CAPTAIN	Hold your fire.  There are nolife forms.  It must have beenshort-circuited.
THREEPIO	That's funny, the damage doesn'tlook as bad from out here.
THREEPIO	Are you sure this things safe?
WOMAN	I've told you kids to slow down!
FIXER	Did I hear a young noise blastthrough here?
CAMIE	It was just Wormie on anotherrampage.
LUKE	Shape it up you guys!...  Biggs?
LUKE	I didn't know you were back!When did you get in?
BIGGS	Just now.  I wanted to surpriseyou, hot shot.  I thought you'd behere... certainly didn't expectyou to be out working.LUKE	The Academy didn't change youmuch... but you're back so soon?Hey, what happened, didn't you getyour commission?
BIGGS	Of course I got it.  Signedaboard The Rand Ecliptic last week.First mate Biggs Darklighter atyour service...
... I just came back to say goodbyeto all you unfortunate landlockedsimpletons.
LUKE	I almost forgot.  There's a battlegoing on!  Right here in our system.Come and look!
DEAK	Not again!  Forget it.
LUKE	There they are!
BIGGS	That's no battle, hot shot... they'rejust sitting there!  Probably afreighter-tanker refueling.
LUKE	But there was a lot of firingearlier...
LUKE	Hey, easy with those...
CAMIE	Don't worry about it, Wormie.
FIXER	I keep telling you, the Rebellionis a long way from here.  I doubtif the Empire would even fight tokeep this system.  Believe me Luke,this planet is a big hunk of nothing...
LEIA	Lord Vader, I should have known.Only you could be so bold.  TheImperial Senate will not sit still
for this, when they hear you'veattacked a diplomatic...
VADER	Don't play games with me, YourHighness.  You weren't on any mercymission this time.  You passeddirectly through a restrictedsystem.  Several transmissions werebeamed to this ship by Rebel spies.I want to know what happened to theplans they sent you.
LEIA	I don't know what you're talkingabout.  I'm a member of the ImperialSenate on a diplomatic mission toAlderaan...
VADER	You're a part of the Rebel Alliance
... and a traitor.  Take her away!
COMMANDER	Holding her is dangerous.  If wordof this gets out, it could generatesympathy for the Rebellion in thesenate.
VADER	I have traced the Rebel spiesto her.  Now she is my only linkto find their secret base!
COMMANDER	She'll die before sheÕll tellyou anything.
VADER	Leave that to me.  Send a distresssignal and then inform the senatethat all aboard were killed!
SECOND OFFICER	Lord Vader, the battle stationplans are not aboard this ship!And no transmissions were made.An escape pod was jettisoned duringthe fighting, but no life formswere aboard.
VADER	She must have hidden the plans inthe escape pod.  Send a detachmentdown to retrieve them.  See to itpersonally, Commander.  There'll beno one to stop us this time.
COMMANDER	Yes, sir.
THREEPIO	How did I get into this mess?I really don't know how.  We seemto be made to suffer.  It's ourlot in life.
THREEPIO	I've got to rest before I fallapart.  My joints are almost frozen.THREEPIO	What a desolate place this is.
THREEPIO	Where are you going?
THREEPIO	Well, I'm not going that way.  It'smuch too rocky.  This way is mucheasier.
THREEPIO	What makes you think there aresettlements over there?
THREEPIO	Don't get technical with me.
THREEPIO	What mission?  What are you talkingabout?  I've had just about enoughof you!  Go that way!  You'll bemalfunctioning within a day, younearsighted scrap pile!
THREEPIO	And don't let me catch you followingme begging for help, because youwon't get it.
THREEPIO	No more adventures.  I'm notgoing that way.
THREEPIO	That malfunctioning little twerp.This is all his fault!  He trickedme into going this way, but he'lldo no better.
THREEPIO	Wait, what's that?  A transport!I'm saved!
THREEPIO	Over here!  Help!  Please, help!
LUKE	... so I cut off my power, shut downthe afterburners and came in low onDeak's trail.  I was so close Ithought I was going to fry myinstruments. As it was I busted upthe Skyhopper pretty bad.  UncleOwen was pretty upset.  He groundedme for the rest of the season.  Youshould have been there... it wasfantastic.
BIGGS	You ought to take it a little easyLuke.  You may be the hottestbushpilot this side of Mos Eisley,but those little Skyhoppers aredangerous.  Keep it up, and one day,whammo, you're going to be nothingmore than a dark spot on the downside of a canyon wall.
LUKE	Look who's talking.  Now thatyou've been around those giantstarships you're beginning to soundlike my uncle. You've gotten softin the city...
BIGGS	I've missed you kid.
LUKE	Well, things haven't been the samesince you left, Biggs.  It's beenso...quiet.
BIGGS	Luke, I didn't come back just tosay goodbye...  I shouldn't tellyou this, but you're the only oneI can trust... and if I don't comeback, I want somebody to know.
LUKE	What are you talking about?
BIGGS	I made some friends at the Academy.... when our frigate goes to oneof the central systems, we're goingto jump ship and join the Alliance...
LUKE	Join the Rebellion?!  Are youkidding!  How?
BIGGS	Quiet down will ya!  You got amouth bigger than a meteor crater!
LUKE	I'm sorry.  I'm quiet.Listen how quiet I am.  You canbarely hear me...
BIGGS	My friend has a friend on Bestinewho might help us make contact.
LUKE	YouÕre crazy!  You could wanderaround forever trying to find them.
BIGGS	I know it's a long shot, but ifI don't find them I'll do what Ican on my own...  It's what wealways talked about.  Luke, I'mnot going to wait for the Empire todraft me into service.  The Rebellionis spreading and I want to be on theright side - the side I believe in.LUKE	And I'm stuck here...
BIGGS	I thought you were going to theAcademy next term.  You'll get yourchance to get off this rock.
LUKE	Not likely!  I had to cancel myapplication.  There has been a lotof unrest among the Sand People sinceyou left... they've even raidedthe outskirts of Anchorhead.
BIGGS	Your uncle could hold off a wholecolony of Sand People with one blaster.
LUKE	I know, but he's got enough vaporatorsgoing to make the place pay off.  Heneeds me for just one more season.I can't leave him now.
BIGGS	I feel for you, Luke, you're goingto have to learn what seems to beimportant or what really is important.What good is all your uncle's work ifit's taken over by the Empire?...  Youknow they're starting to nationalizecommerce in the central systems...
it won't be long before your uncleis merely a tenant, slaving for thegreater glory of the Empire.
LUKE	It couldn't happen here.  You saidit yourself.  The Empire won't botherwith this rock.
BIGGS	Things always change.
LUKE	I wish I was going...  Are yougoing to be around long?BIGGS	No, I'm leaving in the morning...
LUKE	Then I guess I won't see you.
BIGGS	Maybe someday...  I'll keep alookout.
LUKE	Well, I'll be at the Academy nextseason... after that who knows.  Iwon't be drafted into the ImperialStarfleet that's for sure...  Takecare of yourself, you'll always bethe best friend I've got.
BIGGS	So long, Luke.
THREEPIO	Artoo-Detoo!  It's you!  It's you!
FIRST TROOPER	Someone was in the pod.  Thetracks go off in this direction.SECOND TROOPER	Look, sir - droids.
THREEPIO	Wake up!  Wake up!
THREEPIO	We're doomed.
THREEPIO	Do you think they'll melt us down?
THREEPIO	Don't shoot!  Don't shoot!  Willthis never end?
BERU	Luke, tell Owen that if he getsa translator to be sure it speaksBocce.
LUKE	It looks like we don't have muchof a choice but I'll remind him.
OWEN	I have no need for a protocol droid.
THREEPIO	Sir - not in an environment suchas this - that's why I've alsobeen programmed for over thirtysecondary functions that...
OWEN	What I really need is a droidthat understands the binarylanguages of moisture vaporators.
THREEPIO	Vaporators!  Sir - My first jobwas programming binary load lifters
... very similar to your vaporators.You could say...
OWEN	Do you speak Bocce?
THREEPIO	Of course I can, sir.  It's likea second language for me...  I'mas fluent in Bocce...
OWEN	All right; shut up!I'll take this one.
THREEPIO	Shutting up, sir.
OWEN	Luke, take these two over tothe garage, will you?  I wantyou to have both of them cleanedup before dinner.
LUKE	But I was going into Toshi Stationto pick up some power converters...
OWEN	You can waste time with yourfriends when your chores aredone.  Now, come on, get to it!
LUKE	All right, come on!  And thered one, come on.  Well, come on,Red, let's go.
LUKE	Uncle Owen...
OWEN	Yeah?
LUKE	This R2 unit has a bad motivator.Look!
OWEN	Hey, what're you trying to pushon us?
THREEPIO	Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unitis in prime condition.  A realbargain.
LUKE	Uncle Owen...
OWEN	Yeah?
LUKE	What about that one?
OWEN	What about that blue one?  We'lltake that one.
LUKE	Yeah, take it away.
THREEPIO	Uh, I'm quite sure you'll be verypleased with that one, sir.  Hereally is in first-class condition.I've worked with him before.  Herehe comes.
LUKE	Okay, let's go.
THREEPIO	Now, don't forget this!  Why Ishould stick my neck out for youis quite beyond my capacity!
THREEPIO	Thank the maker!  This oil bathis going to feel so good.  I'vegot such a bad case of dustcontamination, I can barely move!
LUKE	It just isn't fair.  Oh, Biggs isright.  I'm never gonna get outof here!
THREEPIO	Is there anything I might do tohelp?LUKE	Well, not unless you can altertime, speed up the harvest, orteleport me off this rock!
THREEPIO	I don't think so, sir.  I'm onlya droid and not very knowledgeableabout such things.  Not on thisplanet, anyways.  As a matter offact, I'm not even sure whichplanet I'm on.
LUKE	Well, if there's a bright centerto the universe, you're on theplanet that it's farthest from.
THREEPIO	I see, sir.
LUKE	Uh, you can call me Luke.
THREEPIO	I see, sir Luke.
LUKE	Just Luke.
THREEPIO	And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborgrelations, and this is my counterpart,Artoo-Detoo.
LUKE	Hello.
LUKE	You got a lot of carbon scoringhere.  It looks like you boys haveseen a lot of action.
THREEPIO	With all we've been through,sometimes I'm amazed we're in asgood condition as we are, whatwith the Rebellion and all.
LUKE	You know of the Rebellion againstthe Empire?
THREEPIO	That's how we came to be in yourservice, if you take my meaning,sir.
LUKE	Have you been in many battles?
THREEPIO	Several, I think.  Actually,there's not much to tell.  I'mnot much more than an interpreter,and not very good at telling stories.Well, not at making them interesting,anyways.
LUKE	Well, my little friend, you'vegot something jammed in here realgood.  Were you on a starcruiser or...
LEIA	Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.  You're
my only hope.
LUKE	What's this?
THREEPIO	What is what?!?  He asked you aquestion...
What is that?
LEIA	Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.  You'remy only hope.  Help me, Obi-WanKenobi.  You're my only hope.
THREEPIO	Oh, he says it's nothing, sir.Merely a malfunction.  Old data.Pay it no mind.
LUKE	Who is she?  She's beautiful.
THREEPIO	I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.
LEIA	Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...
THREEPIO	I think she was a passenger on ourlast voyage.  A person of someimportance, sir - I believe.  Ourcaptain was attached to...
LUKE	Is there more to this recording?
THREEPIO	Behave yourself, Artoo.  You'regoing to get us in trouble.It's all right, you can trusthim.  He's our new master.
THREEPIO	He says he's the property of Obi-
Wan Kenobi, a resident of theseparts.  And it's a private messagefor him.  Quite frankly, sir, Idon't know what he's talkingabout.  Our last master was CaptainAntilles, but with what we've beenthrough, this little R2 unit hasbecome a bit eccentric.
LUKE	Obi-Wan Kenobi?  I wonder if hemeans old Ben Kenobi?
THREEPIO	I beg your pardon, sir, but do youknow what he's talking about?
LUKE	Well, I don't know anyone namedObi-Wan, but old Ben lives outbeyond the dune sea.  He's kindof a strange old hermit.
LUKE	I wonder who she is.  It soundslike she's in trouble.  I'd betterplay back the whole thing.
THREEPIO	He says the restraining bolt hasshort circuited his recordingsystem.  He suggests that if youremove the bolt, he might be ableto play back the entire recording.
LUKE	H'm?  Oh, yeah, well, I guessyou're too small to run away on meif I take this off!  Okay.
LUKE	There you go.
LUKE	Well, wait a minute.  Where'd shego?  Bring her back!  Play back theentire message.
THREEPIO	What message?  The one youÕve just
been playing.  The one you'recarrying inside your rusty innards!AUNT BERU	Luke?  Luke!  Come to dinner!
LUKE	All right, I'll be right there,Aunt Beru.
THREEPIO	I'm sorry, sir, but he appears tohave picked up a slight flutter.
LUKE	Well, see what you can do withhim.  I'll be right back.
THREEPIO	Just you reconsider playing thatmessage for him.
THREEPIO	No, I don't think he likes youat all.
THREEPIO	No, I don't like you either.
LUKE	You know, I think that R2 unitwe bought might have been stolen.
OWEN	What makes you think that?
LUKE	Well, I stumbled across a recordingwhile I was cleaning him.  He sayshe belongs to someone called Obi-
Wan Kenobi.
LUKE	I thought he might have meant Ben.Do you know what he's talkingabout?  Well, I wonder if he'srelated to Ben.
OWEN	That old man's just a crazywizard.  Tomorrow I want you totake that R2 unit into Anchorheadand have its memory flushed.That'll be the end of it.  Itbelongs to us now.
LUKE	But what if this Obi-Wan comeslooking for him?
OWEN	He won't, I don't think he existsany more.  He died about the sametime as your father.
LUKE	He knew my father?
OWEN	I told you to forget it.  Youronly concern is to prepare the newdroids for tomorrow.  In the morningI want them on the south ridgeworking out those condensers.
LUKE	Yes, sir.  I think those new droidsare going to work out fine.  In fact,I, uh, was also thinking about ouragreement about my staying on anotherseason.  And if these new droids dowork out, I want to transmit myapplication to the Academy this year.
OWEN	You mean the next semester beforeharvest?
LUKE	Sure, there're more than enoughdroids.
OWEN	Harvest is when I need you themost.  Only one more season.This year we'll make enough onthe harvest so I'll be able tohire some more hands.  And thenyou can go to the Academy nextyear.
OWEN	You must understand I need youhere, Luke.
LUKE	But it's a whole 'nother year.
OWEN	Look, it's only one more season.
LUKE	Yeah, that's what you said lastyear when Biggs and Tank left.
AUNT BERU	Where are you going?
LUKE	It looks like I'm going nowhere.I have to finish cleaning thosedroids.
AUNT BERU	Owen, he can't stay here forever.Most of his friends have gone.It means so much to him.
OWEN	I'll make it up to him next year.I promise.
AUNT BERU	Luke's just not a farmer, Owen.He has too much of his father inhim.
OWEN	That's what I'm afraid of.
LUKE	What are you doing hiding there?
THREEPIO	It wasn't my fault, sir.  Pleasedon't deactivate me.  I told himnot to go, but he's faulty,malfunctioning; kept babbling onabout his mission.
LUKE	Oh, no!
THREEPIO	That R2 unit has always been aproblem.  These astro-droids aregetting quite out of hand.  EvenI can't understand their logic attimes.LUKE	How could I be so stupid?  He'snowhere in sight.  Blast it!
THREEPIO	Pardon me, sir, but couldn't wego after him?
LUKE	It's too dangerous with all theSand People around.  We'll haveto wait until morning.
OWEN	Luke, I'm shutting the power downfor the night.
LUKE	All right, I'll be there in a fewminutes.  Boy, am I gonna get it.
LUKE	You know that little droid isgoing to cause me a lot of trouble.
THREEPIO	Oh, he excels at that, sir.
OWEN	Luke?  Luke?  Luke?  Where couldhe be loafing now!
OWEN	Have you seen Luke this morning?
AUNT BERU	He said he had some things todo before he started today, sohe left early.
OWEN	Uh?  Did he take those two newdroids with him?
AUNT BERU	I think so.
OWEN	Well, he'd better have those unitsin the south range repaired be
midday or there'll be hell to pay!
LUKE	How's that.
LUKE	Old Ben Kenobi lives out in thisdirection somewhere, but I don'tsee how that R2 unit could havecome this far.  We must havemissed him.  Uncle Owen isn'tgoing to take this very well.
THREEPIO	Sir, would it help if you toldhim it was my fault.
LUKE	Sure.  He needs you.  He'dprobably only deactivate you fora day or so...
THREEPIO	Deactivate!  Well, on the otherhand if you hadn't removed hisrestraining bolt...
LUKE	Wait, there's something dead aheadon the scanner.  It looks like ourdroid... hit the accelerator.
LUKE	Hey, whoa, just where do youthink you're going?
THREEPIO	Master Luke here is your rightfulowner.  We'll have no more of thisObi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don'ttalk to me of your mission, either.You're fortunate he doesn't blastyou into a million pieces right here.
LUKE	Well, come on. It's getting late.I only hope we can get back beforeUncle Owen really blows up.
THREEPIO	If you don't mind my saying so,sir, I think you should deactivatethe little fugitive until you'vegotten him back to your workshop.
LUKE	No, he's not going to try anything.
LUKE	What's wrong with him now?
THREEPIO	Oh my... sir, he says there areseveral creatures approaching fromthe southeast.
LUKE	Sand People!  Or worse!  Come on,let's have a look.  Come on.
LUKE	There are two Banthas down therebut I don't see any... wait asecond, they're Sand People allright.  I can see one of them now.
BEN	Hello there!  Come here mylittle friend.  Don't be afraid.
BEN	Don't worry, he'll be all right.
LUKE	What happened?
BEN	Rest easy, son, you've had a busyday.  You're fortunate you'restill in one piece.
LUKE	Ben?  Ben Kenobi!  Boy, am Iglad to see you!BEN	The Jundland Wastes are not to betraveled lightly.  Tell me, youngLuke, what brings you out this far?
LUKE	Oh, this little droid!  I thinkhe's searching for his former master
...  I've never seen such devotionin a droid before... there seems to
be no stopping him.  He claims tobe the property of an Obi-WanKenobi.  Is he a relative of yours?Do you know who he's talking about?
BEN	Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan?  Nowthats a name I haven't heard ina long time... a long time.
LUKE	I think my uncle knew him.  Hesaid he was dead.
BEN	Oh, he's not dead, no... not yet.
LUKE	You know him!
BEN	Well of course, of course I knowhim.  He's me!  I haven't goneby the name Obi-Wan since oh,before you were born.
LUKE	Then the droid does belong to you.
BEN	Don't seem to remember ever owninga droid.  Very interesting...BEN	I think we better get indoors.The Sand People are easily startledbut they will soon be back and ingreater numbers.
LUKE	... Threepio!
THREEPIO	Where am I?  I must have takena bad step...
LUKE	Can you stand?  We've got to getout of here before the Sand Peoplereturn.
THREEPIO	I don't think I can make it.  Yougo on, Master Luke.  There's nosense in you risking yourself onmy account.  I'm done for.
LUKE	No, you're not.  What kind of talkis that?
BEN	Quickly, son... they're on themove.
LUKE	No, my father didn't fight in thewars.  He was a navigator on aspice freighter.
BEN	That's what your uncle told you.He didn't hold with your father'sideals.  Thought he should havestayed here and not gotten involved.
LUKE	You fought in the Clone Wars?
BEN	Yes, I was once a Jedi Knightthe same as your father.
LUKE	I wish I'd known him.
BEN	He was the best star-pilot inthe galaxy, and a cunning warrior.I understand you've become quitea good pilot yourself.  And he wasa good friend.  Which reminds me...
BEN	I have something here for you.Your father wanted you to havethis when you were old enough,but your uncle wouldn't allow it.He feared you might follow oldObi-Wan on some damned-foolidealistic crusade like yourfather did.THREEPIO	Sir, if you'll not be needing me,I'll close down for awhile.
LUKE	Sure, go ahead.
LUKE	What is it?
BEN	Your fathers lightsaber.  Thisis the weapon of a Jedi Knight.Not as clumsy or as random as ablaster.
BEN	An elegant weapon for a more
civilized time.  For over athousand generations the JediKnights were the guardians ofpeace and justice in the OldRepublic.  Before the dark times,before the Empire.
LUKE	How did my father die?
BEN	A young Jedi named Darth Vader,who was a pupil of mine until heturned to evil, helped the Empirehunt down and destroy the JediKnights.  He betrayed and murderedyour father.  Now the Jedi are allbut extinct.  Vader was seducedby the dark side of the Force.
LUKE	The Force?
BEN	Well, the Force is what gives theJedi his power.  It's an energyfield created by all living things.It surrounds us and penetrates us.It binds the galaxy together.
BEN	Now, let's see if we can't figureout what you are, my littlefriend.  And where you come from.
LUKE	I saw part of the message he was...
BEN	I seem to have found it.
LEIA	General Kenobi, years ago youserved my father in the CloneWars.  Now he begs you to helphim in his struggle against theEmpire.  I regret that I am unableto present my father's request toyou in person, but my ship hasfallen under attack and I'm afraidmy mission to bring you toAlderaan has failed.  I haveplaced information vital to thesurvival of the Rebellion intothe memory systems of this R2unit.  My father will know howto retrieve it.  You must see thisdroid safely delivered to him onAlderaan.  This is our mostdesperate hour.  Help me, Obi-WanKenobi, you're my only hope.
BEN	You must learn the ways of theForce if you're to come with meto Alderaan.
LUKE	Alderaan?  I'm not going toAlderaan.  I've got to go home.It's late, I'm in for it as it is.
BEN	I need your help, Luke.  I'm gettingtoo old for this sort of thing.
She needs your help.
LUKE	I can't get involved!  I've gotwork to do!  It's not that I likethe Empire.  I hate it!  Butthere's nothing I can do about itright now.  It's such a long wayfrom here.
BEN	That's your uncle talking.
LUKE	Oh, God, my uncle.  How am I evergoing to explain this?
BEN	Learn about the Force, Luke.
LUKE	Look, I can take you as far asAnchorhead.  You can get atransport there to Mos Eisleyor wherever you're going.
BEN	You must do what you feel isright, of course.
TAGGE	Until this battle station isfully operational we are vulnerable.The Rebel Alliance is too wellequipped.  They're more dangerousthan you realize.
MOTTI	Dangerous to your starfleet,Commander; not to this battlestation!
TAGGE	The Rebellion will continue togain support in the ImperialSenate as long as....
TARKIN	The Imperial Senate will no longerbe of any concern to us.  I'vejust received word that the Emperorhas dissolved the council permanently.The last remnants of the Old Republichave been swept away.
TAGGE	That's impossible!  How will theEmperor maintain control withoutthe bureaucracy?
TARKIN	The regional governors now havedirect control over territories.Fear will keep the local systemsin line.  Fear of this battle station.
TAGGE	And what of the Rebellion?  If theRebels have obtained a completetechnical readout of this station,it is possible, however unlikely,that they might find a weakness andexploit it.
VADER	The plans you refer to will soonbe back in our hands.
MOTTI	Any attack made by the Rebelsagainst this station would be auseless gesture, no matter whattechnical data they've obtained.This station is now the ultimatepower in the universe.  I suggestwe use it!
VADER	Don't be too proud of thistechnological terror you'veconstructed.  The ability todestroy a planet is insignificantnext to the power of the Force.
MOTTI	Don't try to frighten us with yoursorcerer's ways, Lord Vader.  Yoursad devotion to that ancientreligion has not helped you conjureup the stolen data tapes, or givenyou clairvoyance enough to find theRebel's hidden fort...
VADER	I find your lack of faith disturbing.
TARKIN	Enough of this!  Vader, releasehim!
VADER	As you wish.
TARKIN	This bickering is pointless.Lord Vader will provide us withthe location of the Rebel fortressby the time this station isoperational.  We will then crushthe Rebellion with one swift stroke.
LUKE	It looks like Sand People did this,all right.  Look, here are gaffisticks, bantha tracks.  It'sjust... I never heard of themhitting anything this big before.
BEN	They didn't.  But we are meant tothink they did.  These tracks areside by side.  Sand People alwaysride single file to hide therenumbers.
LUKE	These are the same Jawas that soldus Artoo and Threepio.
BEN	And these blast points, tooaccurate for Sand People.  OnlyImperial stormtroopers are soprecise.
LUKE	Why would Imperial troops want toslaughter Jawas?
LUKE	If they traced the robots here,they may have learned who theysold them to.  And that wouldlead them back home!
BEN	Wait, Luke!  It's too dangerous.
LUKE	Uncle Owen!  Aunt Beru!  UncleOwen!
VADER	And, now Your Highness, we willdiscuss the location of yourhidden Rebel base.
BEN	There's nothing you could havedone, Luke, had you been there.You'd have been killed, too, andthe droids would now be in thehands of the Empire.
LUKE	I want to come with you to Alderaan.There's nothing here for me now.  Iwant to learn the ways of the Forceand become a Jedi like my father.
BEN	Mos Eisley Spaceport.  You willnever find a more wretched hiveof scum and villainy.  We must becautious.
TROOPER	How long have you had these droids?
LUKE	About three or four seasons.
BEN	They're for sale if you want them.
TROOPER	Let me see your identification.
BEN	You don't need to see hisidentification.
TROOPER	We don't need to see hisidentification.
BEN	These are not the droids youÕrelooking for.
TROOPER	These are not the droids we'relooking for.
BEN	He can go about his business.
TROOPER	You can go about your business.
BEN	Move along.
TROOPER	Move along.  Move along.
THREEPIO	I can't abide these Jawas.Disgusting creatures.
LUKE	Go on, go on.  I can't understandhow we got by those troopers.  Ithought we were dead.
BEN	The Force can have a stronginfluence on the weak-minded.  Youwill find it a powerful ally.
LUKE	Do you really think we're goingto find a pilot here that'lltake us to Alderaan?
BEN	Well, most of the best freighterpilots can be found here.  Onlywatch your step.  This place canbe a little rough.
LUKE	I'm ready for anything.
THREEPIO	Come along, Artoo.
BARTENDER	We don't serve their kind here!
LUKE	What?
BARTENDER	Your droids. They'll have to waitoutside.  We don't want them here.
LUKE	Listen, why don't you wait outby the speeder.  We don't want anytrouble.
THREEPIO	I heartily agree with you sir.
CREATURE	Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?
HUMAN	He doesn't like you.
LUKE	I'm sorry.
HUMAN	I don't like you either
HUMAN	Don't insult us.  You just watchyourself.  We're wanted men.  Ihave the death sentence on twelvesystems.
LUKE	I'll be careful than.
HUMAN	You'll be dead.
BEN	This little one isn't worth theeffort.  Come let me buy yousomething...
BARTENDER	No blasters!  No blaster!
BEN	This is Chewbacca.  He's first-
mate on a ship that might suitour needs.
THREEPIO	I don't like the look of this.
HAN	Han Solo.  I'm captain of theMillennium Falcon.  Chewie heretells me you're looking forpassage to the Alderaan system.
BEN	Yes, indeed.  If it's a fast ship.
HAN	Fast ship?  You've never heardof the Millennium Falcon?
BEN	Should I have?
HAN	It's the ship that made the Kesselrun in less than twelve parsecs!
HAN	I've outrun Imperial starships,not the local bulk-cruisers, mindyou.  I'm talking about the bigCorellian ships now.  She's fastenough for you, old man.  What'sthe cargo?
BEN	Only passengers.  Myself, the boy,two droids, and no questions asked.
HAN	What is it?  Some kind of localtrouble?
BEN	Let's just say we'd like to avoidany Imperial entanglements.
HAN	Well, that's the real trick,isn't it?  And it's going to costyou something extra.  Ten thousandin advance.
LUKE	Ten thousand?  We could almostbuy our own ship for that!
HAN	But who's going to fly it, kid!You?
LUKE	You bet I could.  I'm not such abad pilot myself!  We don't haveto sit here and listen...
BEN	We haven't that much with us.But we could pay you two thousandnow, plus fifteen when we reachAlderaan.
HAN	Seventeen, huh!
HAN	Okay.  You guys got yourself aship.  We'll leave as soon as you'reready.  Docking bay Ninety-four.
BEN	Ninety-four.
HAN	Looks like somebody's beginning totake an interest in your handiwork.
TROOPER	All right, we'll check it out.
HAN	Seventeen thousand!  Those guysmust really be desperate.  Thiscould really save my neck.  Getback to the ship and get her ready.
BEN	You'll have to sell your speeder.
LUKE	That's okay.  I'm never comingback to this planet again.
GREEDO	Going somewhere, Solo?
HAN	Yes, Greedo.  As a matter of fact,I was just going to see your boss.Tell Jabba that I've got his money.
GREEDO	It's too late.  You should havepaid him when you had the chance.Jabba's put a price on your head,so large that every bounty hunterin the galaxy will be looking foryou.  I'm lucky I found you first.
HAN	Yeah, but this time I got the money.
GREEDO	If you give it to me, I might forgetI found you.
HAN	I don't have it with me.  TellJabba...
GREEDO	Jabba's through with you.  He hasno time for smugglers who droptheir shipments at the first signof an Imperial cruiser.
HAN	Even I get boarded sometimes.  Doyou think I had a choice?
GREEDO	You can tell that to Jabba.  Hemay only take your ship.
HAN	Over my dead body.
GREEDO	That's the idea I've been lookingforward to killing you for a longtime.
HAN	Yes, I'll bet you have.
HAN	Sorry about the mess.
VADER	Her resistance to the mind probeis considerable.  It will be sometime before we can extract anyinformation from her.
IMPERIAL OFFICER	The final check-out is complete.All systems are operational.What course shall we set?
TARKIN	Perhaps she would respond to analternative form of persuasion.
VADER	What do you mean?
TARKIN	I think it is time we demonstratethe full power of this station.
Set your course for Princess Leia'shome planet of Alderaan.
TROOPER	With pleasure.
THREEPIO	Lock the door, Artoo.
TROOPER	All right, check that side of thestreet.  It's secure.  Move on tothe next door.
THREEPIO	I would much rather have gonewith Master Luke than stay herewith you.  I don't know what allthis trouble is about, but I'msure it must be your fault.
THREEPIO	You watch your language!
LUKE	He says it's the best he can do.Since the XP-38 came out, theyjust arenÕt in demand.
BEN	It will be enough.
BEN	If the ship's as fast as he'sboasting, we ought to do well.
JABBA	Come on out, Solo!
HAN	I've been waiting for you, Jabba.
JABBA	I expected you would be.
HAN	I'm not the type to run.
JABBA	Han, my boy, there are times whenyou disappoint me... why haven'tyou paid me?  And why did you haveto fry poor Greedo like that...after all we've been through together.
HAN	You sent Greedo to blast me.
JABBA	Han, why you're the best smugglerin the business.  You're too valuableto fry.  He was only relaying myconcern at your delays.  He wasn'tgoing to blast you.
HAN	I think he thought he was.  Nexttime don't send one of those twerps.If you've got something to say tome, come see me yourself.
JABBA	Han, Han!  If only you hadn't hadto dump that shipment of spice...you understand I just can't make anexception.  Where would I be if everypilot who smuggled for me dumpedtheir shipment at the first sign ofan Imperial starship?  It's not goodbusiness.
HAN	You know, even I get boarded sometimes,Jabba.  I had no choice, but I've got
a charter now and I can pay you back,plus a little extra.  I just needsome more time.
JABBA	Put your blasters away.  Han, myboy, I'm only doing this becauseyou're the best and I need you.  So,for an extra, say... twenty percentI'll give you a little more time...but this is it.  If you disappointme again, I'll put a price on yourhead so large you won't be able togo near a civilized system for therest of your short life.
HAN	Jabba, I'll pay you because it's mypleasure.
LUKE	What a piece of junk.
HAN	She'll make point five beyond thespeed of light.  She may not looklike much, but she's got it whereit counts, kid.  I've added somespecial modifications myself.
HAN	We're a little rushed, so if you'llhurry aboard we'll get out of here.
THREEPIO	Hello, sir.
TROOPER	Which way?
TROOPER	All right, men.  Load your weapons!
TROOPER	Stop that ship!
TROOPER	Blast 'em!
HAN	Chewie, get us out of here!
THREEPIO	Oh, my.  I'd forgotten how much Ihate space travel.
HAN	It looks like an Imperial cruiser.Our passengers must be hotter thanI thought.  Try and hold them off.Angle the deflector shield whileI make the calculations for thejump to light speed.
HAN	Stay sharp!  There are two morecoming in; they're going to tryto cut us off.
LUKE	Why don't you outrun them?  Ithought you said this thing wasfast.
HAN	Watch your mouth, kid, or you'regoing to find yourself floatinghome.  We'll be safe enough oncewe make the jump to hyperspace.Besides, I know a few maneuvers.We'll lose them!
HAN	Here's where the fun begins!
BEN	How long before you can make thejump to light speed?
HAN	It'll take a few moments to getthe coordinates from the navi-
computer.
LUKE	Are you kidding?  At the ratethey're gaining...
HAN	Traveling through hyperspace isn'tlike dusting crops, boy!  Withoutprecise calculations we could flyright through a star or bounce tooclose to a supernova and that'd endyour trip real quick, wouldn't it?
LUKE	What's that flashing?
HAN	We're losing our deflector shield.Go strap yourself in, I'm going tomake the jump to light speed.
MOTTI	We've entered the Alderaan system.
LEIA	Governor Tarkin, I should haveexpected to find you holdingVader's leash.  I recognized yourfoul stench when I was brought onboard.
TARKIN	Charming to the last.  You don'tknow how hard I found it signingthe order to terminate your life!
LEIA	IÕm surprised you had the courageto take the responsibility yourself!
TARKIN	Princess Leia, before your executionI would like you to be my guest ata ceremony that will make thisbattle station operational.  No starsystem will dare oppose the Emperornow.
LEIA	The more you tighten your grip,Tarkin, the more star systems willslip through your fingers.
TARKIN	Not after we demonstrate the powerof this station.  In a way, youhave determined the choice of theplanet that'll be destroyed first.Since you are reluctant to provideus with the location of the Rebelbase, I have chosen to test thisstation's destructive power...on your home planet of Alderaan.
LEIA	No!  Alderaan is peaceful.  Wehave no weapons.  You can't possibly...
TARKIN	You would prefer another target?A military target?  Then name thesystem!
TARKIN	I grow tired of asking this.  Soit'll be the last time.  Where isthe Rebel base?
LEIA	Dantooine.
LEIA	They're on Dantooine.
TARKIN	There.  You see Lord Vader, shecan be reasonable.Continue with the operation.  Youmay fire when ready.
LEIA	What?
TARKIN	You're far too trusting.  Dantooineis too remote to make an effectivedemonstration.  But don't worry.We will deal with your Rebelfriends soon enough.LEIA	No!
VADER	Commence primary ignition.
LUKE	Are you all right?  What's wrong?
BEN	I felt a great disturbance inthe Force... as if millions ofvoices suddenly cried out in terrorand were suddenly silenced.  I fearsomething terrible has happened.
BEN	You'd better get on with yourexercises.
HAN	Well, you can forget your troubleswith those Imperial slugs.  I toldyou I'd outrun 'em.
HAN	Don't everyone thank me at once.
HAN	Anyway, we should be at Alderaanabout oh-two-hundred hours.
THREEPIO	Now be careful, Artoo.
THREEPIO	He made a fair move.  Screamingabout it won't help you.
HAN	Let him have it. It's not wiseto upset a Wookiee.
THREEPIO	But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
HAN	That's 'cause droids don't pullpeople's arms out of their socketwhen they lose.  Wookiees are knownto do that.
THREEPIO	I see your point, sir.  I suggesta new strategy, Artoo.  Let theWookiee win.
BEN	Remember, a Jedi can feel theForce flowing through him.
LUKE	You mean it controls your actions?
BEN	Partially. But it also obeys yourcommands.
HAN	Hokey religions and ancientweapons are no match for a goodblaster at your side, kid.
LUKE	You don't believe in the Force,do you?
HAN	Kid, I've flown from one side ofthis galaxy to the other.  I'veseen a lot of strange stuff, butI've never seen anything to makeme believe there's one all-powerfulforce controlling everything.There's no mystical energy fieldthat controls my destiny.
HAN	It's all a lot of simple tricksand nonsense.
BEN	I suggest you try it again, Luke.
BEN	This time, let go your consciousself and act on instinct.
LUKE	With the blast shield down, I can'teven see.  How am I supposed tofight?
BEN	Your eyes can deceive you.  Don'ttrust them.
BEN	Stretch out with your feelings.
BEN	You see, you can do it.
HAN	I call it luck.BEN	In my experience, there's nosuch thing as luck.
HAN	Look, going good against remotesis one thing.  Going good againstthe living?  That's something else.
HAN	Looks like we're coming up onAlderaan.
LUKE	You know, I did feel something.I could almost see the remote.
BEN	That's good.  You have taken yourfirst step into a larger world.
TARKIN	Yes.
OFFICER CASS	Our scout ships have reachedDantooine.  They found the remainsof a Rebel base, but they estimatethat it has been deserted for sometime.  They are now conducting anextensive search of the surroundingsystems.
TARKIN	She lied!  She lied to us!
VADER	I told you she would neverconsciously betray the Rebellion.
TARKIN	Terminate her... immediately!
HAN	Stand by, Chewie, here we go.Cut in the sublight engines.
HAN	What the...?  Aw, we've come outof hyperspace into a meteor shower.Some kind of asteroid collision.It's not on any of the charts.
LUKE	What's going on?
HAN	Our position is correct, except...no, Alderaan!
LUKE	What do you mean?  Where is it?
HAN	Thats what I'm trying to tellyou, kid.  It ain't there.  It'sbeen totally blown away.
LUKE	What?  How?
BEN	Destroyed... by the Empire!
HAN	The entire starfleet couldn'tdestroy the whole planet.  It'dtake a thousand ships with morefire power than I've...
HAN	There's another ship coming in.
LUKE	Maybe they know what happened.
BEN	It's an Imperial fighter.
LUKE	It followed us!
BEN	No.  It's a short range fighter.
HAN	There aren't any bases aroundhere.  Where did it come from?
LUKE	It sure is leaving in a big hurry.If they identify us, we're in bigtrouble.
HAN	Not if I can help it.  Chewie...jam it's transmissions.
BEN	It'd be as well to let it go.It's too far out of range.
HAN	Not for long...
BEN	A fighter that size couldn't getthis deep into space on its own.
LUKE	Then he must have gotten lost,been part of a convoy or something...
HAN	Well, he ain't going to be aroundlong enough to tell anyone about us.
LUKE	Look at him.  He's heading forthat small moon.
HAN	I think I can get him before hegets there... he's almost in range.
BEN	That's no moon!  It's a spacestation.
HAN	It's too big to be a space station.
LUKE	I have a very bad feeling aboutthis.
BEN	Turn the ship around!
HAN	Yeah, I think your right.  Fullreverse!  Chewie, lock in theauxiliary power.
LUKE	Why are we still moving towardsit?
HAN	We're caught in a tractor beam!It's pulling us in!
LUKE	But there's gotta be something youcan do!
HAN	There's nothin' I can do about it,kid.  I'm in full power.  I'm goingto have to shut down.  But they'renot going to get me without a fight!
BEN	You can't win.  But there arealternatives to fighting.
VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOM	Clear Bay twenty-three-seven.We are opening the magnetic field.
OFFICER	To your stations!
OFFICER	Come with me.
OFFICER	Close all outboard shields!Close all outboard shields!
TARKIN	Yes.
VOICE	We've captured a freighter enteringthe remains of the Alderaan system.It's markings match those of a shipthat blasted its way out of Mos Eisley.
VADER	They must be trying to return thestolen plans to the princess.  Shemay yet be of some use to us.
VOICE	Unlock one-five-seven and nine.Release charges.
OFFICER	There's no one on board, sir.According to the log, the crewabandoned ship right after takeoff.It must be a decoy, sir.  Severalof the escape pods have beenjettisoned.
VADER	Did you find any droids?
OFFICER	No, sir.  If there were any onboard, they must also havejettisoned.
VADER	Send a scanning crew on board.I want every part of this shipchecked.
OFFICER	Yes, sir.
VADER	I sense something... a presence Ihaven't felt since...
OFFICER	Get me a scanning crew in hereon the double.  I want every partof this ship checked!
LUKE	Boy, it's lucky you had thesecompartments.
HAN	I use them for smuggling.  I neverthought I'd be smuggling myself inthem.  This is ridiculous.  Evenif I could take off, I'd never getpast the tractor beam.
BEN	Leave that to me!
HAN	Damn fool. I knew that you weregoing to say that!
BEN	Who's the more foolish... thefool or the fool who follows him?
TROOPER	The ship's all yours.  If thescanners pick up anything, reportit immediately.  All right, let'sgo.
HAN'S VOICE	Hey down there, could you giveus a hand with this?
GANTRY OFFICER	TX-four-one-two.  Why aren't youat your post?  TX-four-one-two,do you copy?GANTRY OFFICER	Take over.  We've got a badtransmitter.  I'll see what Ican do.
LUKE	You know, between his howlingand your blasting everything insight, it's a wonder the wholestation doesn't know we're here.
HAN	Bring them on!  I prefer a straightfight to all this sneaking around.
THREEPIO	We found the computer outlet, sir.
BEN	Plug in.  He should be able tointerpret the entire Imperialcomputer network.
THREEPIO	He says he's found the maincontrol to the power beam that'sholding the ship here.  He'lltry to make the precise locationappear on the monitor.
THREEPIO	The tractor beam is coupled to themain reactor in seven locations.A power loss at one of the terminalswill allow the ship to leave.
BEN	I don't think you boys can help.I must go alone.
HAN	Whatever you say.  I've done morethan I bargained for on this tripalready.
LUKE	I want to go with you.
BEN	Be patient, Luke.  Stay and watchover the droids.
LUKE	But he can...
BEN	They must be delivered safely orother star systems will suffer thesame fate as Alderaan.  Your destinylies along a different path frommine.  The Force will be with you
... always!
HAN	Boy you said it, Chewie.
HAN	Where did you dig up that oldfossil?
LUKE	Ben is a great man.
HAN	Yeah, great at getting us intotrouble.
LUKE	I didn't hear you give any ideas...
HAN	Well, anything would be betterthan just hanging around waitingfor them to pick us up...
LUKE	Who do you think...
LUKE	What is it?
THREEPIO	I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.He says "I found her," and keeps
repeating, "She's here."
LUKE	Well, who... who has he found?
THREEPIO	Princess Leia.
LUKE	The princess?  She's here?
HAN	Princess?
LUKE	Where... where is she?
HAN	Princess?  What's going on?
THREEPIO	Level five. Detention block AA-
twenty-three.  I'm afraid she'sscheduled to be terminated.
LUKE	Oh, no!  We've got to do something.
HAN	What are you talking about?
LUKE	The droid belongs to her.  She'sthe one in the message.  We'vegot to help her.
HAN	Now, look, don't get any funnyideas.  The old man wants us towait right here.
LUKE	But he didn't know she was here.Look, will you just find a wayback into the detention block?
HAN	I'm not going anywhere.
LUKE	They're going to execute her.Look, a few minutes ago you saidyou didn't want to just wait hereto be captured.  Now all you wantto do is stay.HAN	Marching into the detention areais not what I had in mind.
LUKE	But they're going to kill her!
HAN	Better her than me...
LUKE	She's rich.
HAN	Rich?
LUKE	Yes.  Rich, powerful!  Listen, ifyou were to rescue her, the rewardwould be...
HAN	What?
LUKE	Well more wealth that you canimagine.
HAN	I don't know, I can imagine quitea bit!
LUKE	You'll get it!
HAN	I better!
LUKE	You will...
HAN	All right, kid.  But you'dbetter be right about this!
LUKE	All right.
HAN	What's your plan?
LUKE	Uh... Threepio, hand me thosebinders there will you?
LUKE	Okay.  Now, I'm going to put theseon you.
LUKE	Okay.  Han, you put these on.
HAN	Don't worry, Chewie.  I thinkI know what he has in mind.
THREEPIO	Master Luke, sir!  Pardon me forasking... but, ah... what shouldArtoo and I do if we're discoveredhere?
LUKE	Lock the door!
HAN	And hope they don't have blasters.
THREEPIO	That isn't very reassuring.
LUKE	I can't see a thing in this helmet.
HAN	This is not going to work.
LUKE	Why didn't you say so before?
HAN	I did say so before!
OFFICER	Where are you taking this... thing?
LUKE	Prisoner transfer from Block one-
one-three-eight.
OFFICER	I wasn't notified.  I'll have toclear it.
HAN	Look out!  He's loose!
LUKE	He's going to pull us all apart.
HAN	Go get him!
HAN	We've got to find out which cellthis princess of yours is in.Here it is... cell twenty-one-
eight-seven.  You go get her.  I'llhold them here.
HAN	Everything is under control.Situation normal.
INTERCOM VOICE	What happened?
HAN	Uh... had a slight weaponsmalfunction.  But, uh, everything'sperfectly all right now.  We'refine.  We're all fine here, now,thank you.  How are you?
INTERCOM VOICE	We're sending a squad up.
HAN	Uh, uh, negative, negative.  Wehad a reactor leak here now.  Giveus a few minutes to lock it down.Large leak... very dangerous.
INTERCOM VOICE	Who is this?  What's youroperating number?
HAN	Boring conversation anyway.
Luke!  We're going to have company!
LEIA	Aren't you a little short for astormtrooper?
LUKE	What?  Oh... the uniform.  I'mLuke Skywalker.  I'm here torescue you.LEIA	You're who?
LUKE	I'm here to rescue you.  I've gotyour R2 unit.  I'm here with BenKenobi.
LEIA	Ben Kenobi is here!  Where is he?
LUKE	Come on!
VADER	He is here...
TARKIN	Obi-Wan Kenobi!  What makes youthink so?
VADER	A tremor in the Force.  The lasttime I felt it was in the presenceof my old master.
TARKIN	Surely he must be dead by now.
VADER	Don't underestimate the Force.
TARKIN	The Jedi are extinct, their firehas gone out of the universe.You, my friend, are all that'sleft of their religion.
TARKIN	Yes.
INTERCOM VOICE	Governor Tarkin, we have anemergency alert in detention blockAA-twenty-three.
TARKIN	The princess!  Put all sectionson alert!
VADER	Obi-Wan is here.  The Force iswith him.
TARKIN	If you're right, he must not beallowed to escape.
VADER	Escape may not his plan.  Imust face him alone.
HAN	Chewie!
HAN	Get behind me!  Get behind me!
HAN	Can't get out that way.
LEIA	Looks like you managed to cut offour only escape route.
HAN	Maybe you'd like it back in yourcell, Your Highness.
LUKE	See-Threepio!  See-Threepio!
THREEPIO	Yes sir?
LUKE	We've been cut off!  Are there anyother ways out of the cell bay?...
What was that?  I didn't copy!
THREEPIO	I said, all systems have beenalerted to your presence, sir.The main entrance seems to be theonly way out; all other informationon your level is restricted.
TROOPER VOICE	Open up in there!
THREEPIO	Oh, no!
LUKE	There isn't any other way out.
HAN	I can't hold them off forever!Now what?
LEIA	This is some rescue.  When youcame in here, didn't you have aplan for getting out?
HAN	He's the brains, sweetheart.
LUKE	Well, I didn't...
HAN	What the hell are you doing?
LEIA	Somebody has to save our skins.Into the garbage chute, wise guy.
HAN	Get in there you big furry oaf!I don't care what you smell!  Getin there and don't worry about it.
HAN	Wonderful girl!  Either I'm goingto kill her or I'm beginning tolike her.  Get in there!
HAN	Oh!  The garbage chute was a reallywonderful idea.  What an incrediblesmell you've discovered!  Let'sget out of here!  Get away fromthere...
LUKE	No!  wait!
LUKE	Will you forget it?  I alreadytried it.  It's magnetically sealed!
LEIA	Put that thing away!  You're goingto get us all killed.
HAN	Absolutely, Your Worship.  Look,I had everything under controluntil you led us down here.  Youknow, it's not going to take themlong to figure out what happenedto us.
LEIA	It could be worse...
HAN	It's worse.
LUKE	There's something alive in here!
HAN	That's your imagination.
LUKE	Something just moves past my leg!Look!  Did you see that?
HAN	What?
LUKE	Help!
HAN	Luke!  Luke!  Luke!
LEIA	Luke!
LEIA	Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.
LUKE	Blast it, will you!  My gun'sjammed.
HAN	Where?
LUKE	Anywhere!  Oh!!
HAN	Luke!  Luke!
LEIA	Grab him!
LEIA	What happened?
LUKE	I don't know, it just let go ofme and disappeared...
HAN	I've got a very bad feeling aboutthis.
LUKE	The walls are moving!
LEIA	Don't just stand there.  Try andbrace it with something.
LUKE	Wait a minute!
LUKE	Threepio!  Come in Threepio!Threepio!  Where could he be?
FIRST TROOPER	Take over!
See to him!  Look there!
THREEPIO	They're madmen!  They're headingfor the prison level.  If youhurry, you might catch them.
FIRST OFFICER	Follow me!  You stand guard.
THREEPIO	Come on!
THREEPIO	Oh!  All this excitement hasoverrun the circuits of mycounterpart here.  If you don'tmind, I'd like to take him downto maintenance.
TROOPER	All right.
LUKE	Threepio!  Come in, Threepio!Threepio!
HAN	Get to the top!
LEIA	I can'tLUKE	Where could he be?  Threepio!Threepio, will you come in?
THREEPIO	They aren't here!  Somethingmust have happened to them.  Seeif they've been captured.
THREEPIO	Hurry!
HAN	One thing's for sure.  We're allgoing to be a lot thinner!
Get on top of it!
LEIA	I'm trying!
THREEPIO	Thank goodness, they haven't foundthem!  Where could they be?
THREEPIO	Use the comlink?  Oh, my!  Iforgot I turned it off!
THREEPIO	Are you there, sir?
LUKE	Threepio!
THREEPIO	We've had some problems...
LUKE	Shut down all the garbage masherson the detention level, will you?Do you copy?
LUKE	Shut down all the garbage masherson the detention level.
LUKE	Shut down all the garbage masherson the detention level.
THREEPIO	No.  Shut them all down!  Hurry!
THREEPIO	Listen to them!  They're dying,Artoo!  Curse my metal body!  Iwasn't fast enough.  It's all myfault!  My poor master!
LUKE	Threepio, we're all right!
LUKE	We're all right.  You did great.
LUKE	Hey... hey, open the pressuremaintenance hatch on unit number
... where are we?
HAN	Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.
HAN	If we can just avoid any morefemale advice, we ought to beable to get out of here.
LUKE	Well, let's get moving!
HAN	Where are you going?
LEIA	No, wait.  They'll hear!
HAN	Come here, you big coward!
HAN	Chewie!  Come here!
LEIA	Listen. I don't know who you are,or where you came from, but fromnow on, you do as I tell you.  Okay?
HAN	Look, Your Worshipfulness, let'sget one thing straight!  I take
orders from one person!  Me!
LEIA	It's a wonder you're still alive.
Will somebody get this big walkingcarpet out of my way?
HAN	No reward is worth this.
OFFICER	Secure this area untilthe alert is canceled.
FIRST TROOPER	Give me regular reports.
FIRST TROOPER	Do you know what's going on?
SECOND TROOPER	Maybe it's another drill.
SECOND TROOPER	What was that?
FIRST TROOPER	Oh, it's nothing.  Don't worry about it.
HAN	There she is.
LUKE	See-Threepio, do you copy?
THREEPIO	For the moment.  Uh, we're in themain hangar across from the ship.
LUKE	We're right above you.  Stand by.
LEIA	You came in that thing?  You'rebraver that I thought.
HAN	Nice!  Come on!
FIRST TROOPER	It's them!  Blast them!
HAN	Get back to the ship!
LUKE	Where are you going?  Come back!
LEIA	He certainly has courage.
LUKE	What good will it do us if hegets himself killed?  Come on!
LUKE	I think we took a wrong turn.
LEIA	There's no lock!
LUKE	That oughta hold it for a while.
LEIA	Quick, we've got to get across.Find the control that extends thebridge.
LUKE	Oh, I think I just blasted it.
LEIA	They're coming through!
LUKE	Here, hold this.
LEIA	Here they come!
LEIA	For luck!
THREEPIO	Where could they be?
TROOPER	Close the blast doors!
TROOPER	Open the blast doors!  Open the blast doors!
VADER	I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan.We meet again, at last.  The circleis now complete.
VADER	When I left you, I was but thelearner; now I am the master.
BEN	Only a master of evil, Darth.
VADER	Your powers are weak, old man.
BEN	You can't win, Darth.  If youstrike me down, I shall become morepowerful than you can possiblyimagine.
HAN	Didn't we just leave this party?
HAN	What kept you?
LEIA	We ran into some old friends.
LUKE	Is the ship all right?
HAN	Seems okay, if we can get to it.
Just hope the old man got thetractor beam out of commission.
LUKE	Look!
THREEPIO	Come on, Artoo, we're going!
HAN	Now's our chance!  Go!
LUKE	No!
HAN	Come on!
LEIA	Come on!  Luke, its too late!
HAN	Blast the door!  Kid!
BEN'S VOICE	Run, Luke!  Run!
HAN	I hope the old man got that tractorbeam out if commission, or this isgoing to be a real short trip.Okay, hit it!
HAN	We're coming up on the sentryships.  Hold 'em off!  Angle thedeflector shields while I chargeup the main guns!
LUKE	I can't believe he's gone.
LEIA	There wasn't anything you couldhave done.
HAN	Come on, buddy, we're not outof this yet!
HAN	You in, kid?  Okay, stay sharp!
LEIA	Here they come!
LUKE	They're coming in too fast!
THREEPIO	Oooh!
LEIA	We've lost lateral controls.
HAN	Don't worry, she'll hold together.
HAN	You hear me, baby?  Hold together!
LUKE	Got him!  I got him!
HAN	Great kid!  Don't get cocky.
LEIA	There are still two more ofthem out there!
LUKE	That's it!  We did it!
LEIA	We did it!
THREEPIO	Help!  I think I'm melting!
This is all your fault.
TARKIN	Are they away?
VADER	They have just made the jump intohyperspace.
TARKIN	You're sure the homing beacon issecure aboard their ship?  I'mtaking an awful risk, Vader.  Thishad better work.
HAN	Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh?You know, sometimes I even amazemyself.
LEIA	That doesn't sound too hard.Besides, they let us go.  It'sthe only explanation for the easeof our escape.
HAN	Easy... you call that easy?
LEIA	Their tracking us!
HAN	Not this ship, sister.
LEIA	At least the information in Artoois still intact.
HAN	What's so important?  What's hecarrying?
LEIA	The technical readouts of thatbattle station.  I only hope thatwhen the data is analyzed, aweakness can be found.  It's notover yet!
HAN	It is for me, sister!  Look, I ain'tin this for your revolution, andI'm not in it for you, Princess.  Iexpect to be well paid.  I'm in itfor the money!
LEIA	You needn't worry about your reward.If money is all that you love, thenthat's what you'll receive!
LEIA	Your friend is quite a mercenary.I wonder if he really cares aboutanything... or anyone.
LUKE	I care!
LUKE	So... what do you think of her,Han?
HAN	I'm trying not to, kid!
LUKE	Good...
HAN	Still, she's got a lot of spirit.I don't know, what do you think?Do you think a princess and aguy like me...
LUKE	No!
WILLARD	You're safe!  We had feared theworst.
WILLARD	When we heard about Alderaan,we were afraid that you were...lost along with your father.
LEIA	We don't have time for our sorrows,commander.  The battle station hassurely tracked us here.
It's the only explanation for theease of our escape.  You must usethe information in this R2 unit toplan the attack.  It is our onlyhope.
TARKIN	Yes.
DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE	We are approaching the planetYavin.  The Rebel base is on amoon on the far side.  We arepreparing to orbit the planet.
DODONNA	The battle station is heavilyshielded and carries a firepowergreater than half the star fleet.
Its defenses are designed arounda direct large-scale assault.  Asmall one-man fighter should beable to penetrate the outer defense.
GOLD LEADER	Pardon me for asking, sir, butwhat good are snub fighters goingto be against that?
DODONNA	Well, the Empire doesn't considera small one-man fighter to be anythreat, or they'd have a tighterdefense.  An analysis of the plansprovided by Princess Leia hasdemonstrated a weakness in thebattle station.
DODONNA	The approach will not be easy.You are required to maneuverstraight down this trench and skimthe surface to this point.  Thetarget area is only two meterswide.  It's a small thermalexhaust port, right below the mainport.  The shaft leads directly tothe reactor system.  A precise hitwill start a chain reaction whichshould destroy the station.
DODONNA	Only a precise hit will set up achain reaction.  The shaft is ray-
shielded, so you'll have to useproton torpedoes.
WEDGE	That's impossible, even for acomputer.
LUKE	It's not impossible.  I used tobullseye womp rats in my T-sixteenback home.  They're not much biggerthan two meters.
DODONNA	Man your ships!  And may the Forcebe with you!
DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE	Orbiting the planet at maximumvelocity.  The moon with theRebel base will be in range inthirty minutes.
VADER	This will be a day long remembered.It has seen the end of Kenobi andit will soon see the end of the Rebellion.
MAN'S VOICE	All flight troops, man your stations.All flight troops, man your stations.
LUKE	So... you got your reward andyou're just leaving then?
HAN	That's right, yeah!  I got someold debts I've got to pay offwith this stuff.  Even if I didn't,you don't think I'd be fool enoughto stick around here, do you?  Whydon't you come with us?  You'repretty good in a fight.  I coulduse you.
LUKE	Come on!  Why don't you take a lookaround?  You know what's about tohappen, what they're up against.They could use a good pilot like you.You're turning your back on them.
HAN	What good's a reward if you ain'taround to use it?  Besides,attacking that battle station ain't
my idea of courage.  It's more likesuicide.
LUKE	All right.  Well, take care ofyourself, Han... guess that's whatyou're best at, isn't it?
HAN	Hey, Luke... may the Force be withyou!
HAN	What're you lookin' at?  I knowwhat I'm doing.
LEIA	What's wrong?
LUKE	Oh, it's Han!  I don't know, Ireally thought he'd change hismind.LEIA	He's got to follow his own path.No one can choose it for him.
LUKE	I only wish Ben were here.
BIGGS	Luke!  I don't believe it!  How'dyou get here... are you going outwith us?!
LUKE	Biggs!  Of course, I'll be up therewith you!  Listen, have I got somestories to tell...
RED LEADER	Are you... Luke Skywalker?  Haveyou been checked out on the IncomT-sixty-five?
BIGGS	Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot inthe outer rim territories.
RED LEADER	I met your father once when I wasjust a boy.  He was a great pilot.You'll do all right.  If you'vegot half of your father's skill,you'll do better than all right.
LUKE	Thank you, sir.  I'll try.
BIGGS	I've got to get aboard.  Listen,you'll tell me your stories when wecome back.  All right?
LUKE	I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.
BIGGS	You did, all right.  It's goingto be like old times Luke.We're a couple of shooting starsthat'll never be stopped!
CHIEF	This R2 unit of your seems a bitbeat up.  Do you want a new one?
LUKE	Not on your life!  That littledroid and I have been through alot together.
You okay, Artoo?
CHIEF	Okay, easy she goes!
THREEPIO	Hang on tight, Artoo, you'vegot to come back.
THREEPIO	You wouldn't want my life to getboring, would you?
BEN'S VOICE	Luke, the Force will be with you.
MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE	Stand-by alert.  Death Starapproaching.  Estimated time tofiring range, fifteen minutes.
RED LEADER	All wings report in.
RED TEN	Red Ten standing by.
RED SEVEN	Red Seven standing by.
BIGGS	Red Three standing by.
PORKINS	Red Six standing by.
RED NINE	Red Nine standing by.
WEDGE	Red Two standing by.
RED ELEVEN	Red Eleven standing by.
LUKE	Red Five standing by.
RED LEADER	Lock S-foils in attack position.
RED LEADER	We're passing through theirmagnetic field.
RED LEADER	Hold tight!
RED LEADER	Switch your deflectors on.
RED LEADER	Double front!
WEDGE	Look at the size of that thing!
RED LEADER	Cut the chatter, Red Two.
RED LEADER	Accelerate to attack speed.  Thisis it, boys!
GOLD LEADER	Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.
RED LEADER	I copy, Gold Leader.
GOLD LEADER	We're starting for the targetshaft now.
RED LEADER	We're in position.  I'm going tocut across the axis and try anddraw their fire.
WEDGE	Heavy fire, boss!  Twenty-three
degrees.
RED LEADER	I see it.  Stay low.LUKE	This is Red Five!  I'm going in!
BIGGS	Luke, pull up!
BIGGS	Are you all right?
LUKE	I got a little cooked, but I'mokay.
ASTRO-OFFICER	We count thirty Rebel ships, LordVader.  But they're so smallthey're evading our turbo-lasers!
VADER	We'll have to destroy them shipto ship.  Get the crews to theirfighters.
RED LEADER	Luke, let me know when you'regoing in.
LUKE	I'm on my way in now...
RED LEADER	Watch yourself!  There's a lot offire coming from the right side ofthat deflection tower.
LUKE	I'm on it.
CONTROL OFFICER	Squad leaders, we've picked up anew group of signals.  Enemyfighters coming your way.
LUKE	My scope's negative.  I don't seeanything.
RED LEADER	Keep up your visual scanning.With all this jamming, they'llbe on top of you before yourscope can pick them up.
RED LEADER	Biggs!  You've picked one up...watch it!
BIGGS	I can't see it!  Where is he?!
BIGGS	He's on me tight, I can't shakehim... I can't shake him.
LUKE	Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.
LUKE	Got him!
VADER	Several fighters have brokenoff from the main group.  Comewith me!
BIGGS	Pull in!  Luke... pull in!
WEDGE	Watch your back, Luke!
WEDGE	Watch your back!  Fighter's aboveyou, coming in!
LUKE	I'm hit, but not bad.
LUKE'S VOICE	Artoo, see what you can do withit.  Hang on back there.
RED LEADER	Red Six...
RED LEADER	Can you see Red Five?
RED TEN	There's a heavy fire zone on thisside. Red Five, where are you?
LUKE	I can't shake him!
WEDGE	I'm on him, Luke!
WEDGE	Hold on!
LUKE	Blast it!  Wedge where are you?
LUKE	Thanks, Wedge.
BIGGS	Good shooting, Wedge!
GOLD LEADER	Red Leader...
GOLD LEADER	... This is Gold Leader.  We'restarting out attack run.
RED LEADER	I copy, Gold Leader.  Move intoposition.
VADER	Stay in attack formation!
GOLD LEADER	The exhaust post is...
GOLD LEADER	... marked and locked in!
GOLD LEADER	Switch power to front deflectionscreens.
GOLD LEADER	How many guns do you think, GoldFive?
GOLD FIVE	I'd say about twenty guns.  Someon the surface, some on the towers.
MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE	Death Star will be in range infive minutes.GOLD LEADER	Switch to targeting computer.
GOLD TWO	Computer's locked.  Getting asignal.
GOLD TWO	The guns... they've stopped!
GOLD FIVE	Stabilize your rear deflectors.Watch for enemy fighters.
GOLD LEADER	They've coming in!  Three marks attwo ten.
VADER	I'll take them myself!  Cover me!
WINGMAN'S VOICE	Yes, sir.
GOLD LEADER	I can't maneuver!
GOLD FIVE	Stay on target.
GOLD LEADER	We're too close.
GOLD FIVE	Stay on target!
GOLD LEADER	Loosen up!
GOLD FIVE	Gold Five to Red Leader...
GOLD FIVE	Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.
RED LEADER	I copy, Gold Five.
GOLD FIVE	They came from behind....
OFFICER	We've analyzed their attack, sir,and there is a danger.  Should Ihave your ship standing by?
TARKIN	Evacuate?  In out moment oftriumph?  I think you overestimatetheir chances!
VOICE	Rebel base, three minutes andclosing.
RED LEADER	Red Group, this is Red Leader.
RED LEADER	Rendezvous at mark six point one.
WEDGE	This is Red Two.  Flying towards you.
BIGGS	Red Three, standing by.
DODONNA	Red Leader, this is Base One.Keep half your group out of rangefor the next run.
RED LEADER'S VOICE	Copy, Base One.  Luke, take RedTwo and Three.  Hold up here andwait for my signal... to startyour run.
RED LEADER	This is it!
RED TEN	We should be able to see it bynow.
RED LEADER	Keep your eyes open for thosefighters!
RED TEN	There's too much interference!
RED TEN'S VOICE	Red Five, can you see them fromwhere you are?
LUKE	No sign of any... wait!
LUKE	Coming in point three five.
RED TEN	I see them.
RED LEADER	I'm in range.
RED LEADER	Target's coming up!
RED LEADER	Just hold them off for a fewseconds.
VADER	Close up formation.
RED LEADER	Almost there!
RED TEN	You'd better let her loose.
RED LEADER	Almost there!
RED TEN	I can't hold them!
RED LEADER	It's away!
RED NINE'S VOICE	It's a hit!
RED LEADER	Negative.
RED LEADER	Negative!  It didn't go in, itjust impacted on the surface.
LUKE	Red Leader, we're right aboveyou.  Turn to point...
LUKE	... oh-five; we'll cover for you.
RED LEADER	Stay there...
RED LEADER	... I just lost my starboard engine.
RED LEADER	Get set up for your attack run.
DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE	Rebel base, one minute andclosing.
LUKE	Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up.We're going in.  We're going infull throttle.
WEDGE	Right with you, boss.
BIGGS	Luke, at that speed will you beable to pull out in time?
LUKE	It'll be just like Beggar's Canyonback home.
BIGGS	We'll stay back far enough tocover you.
WEDGE	My scope shows the tower, but Ican't see the exhaust port!  Areyou sure the computer can hit it?
LUKE	Watch yourself!  Increase speedfull throttle!
WEDGE	What about that tower?
LUKE	You worry about those fighters!I'll worry about the tower!
LUKE	Artoo... that, that stabilizer'sbroken loose again!  See if youcan't lock it down!
WEDGE	I'm hit!  I can't stay with you.
LUKE	Get clear, Wedge.
LUKE	You can't do any more good backthere!
WEDGE	Sorry!
VADER	Let him go!  Stay on the leader!
BIGGS	Hurry, Luke, they're coming inmuch faster this time. I can'thold them!
LUKE	Artoo, try and increase the power!
BIGGS	Hurry up, Luke!
BIGGS	Wait!
DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE	Rebel base, thirty seconds andclosing.
VADER	I'm on the leader.
THREEPIO	Hang on, Artoo!
BEN'S VOICE	Use the Force, Luke.
BEN'S VOICE	Let go, Luke.
VADER	The Force is strong with this one!
BEN'S VOICE	Luke, trust me.
BASE VOICE	His computer's off.  Luke, youswitched off your targetingcomputer.  What's wrong?
LUKE	Nothing.  I'm all right.
LUKE	I've lost Artoo!
MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE	The Death Star has cleared theplanet.  The Death Star hascleared the planet.
DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE	Rebel base, in range.
TARKIN	You may fire when ready.
DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE	Commence primary ignition.
VADER	I have you now.
VADER	What?
HAN	Yahoo!
WINGMAN	Look out!
HAN	You're all clear, kid.
HAN	Now let's blow this thing andgo home!
INTERCOM VOICE	Stand by to fire at Rebel base.
INTERCOM VOICE	Standing by.
HAN	Great shot, kid.  That was onein a million.
BEN'S VOICE	Remember, the Force will be withyou... always.
LEIA	Luke!  Luke!  Luke!
HAN	Hey!  Hey!
LUKE	I knew you'd come back!  I justknew it!
HAN	Well, I wasn't gonna let you getall the credit and take all thereward.
LEIA	Hey, I knew there was more toyou than money.
LUKE	Oh, no!
THREEPIO	Oh, my!  Artoo!  Can you hear me?Say something!
You can repair him, can't you?
TECHNICIAN	We'll get to work on him rightaway.
THREEPIO	You must repair him!  Sir, if anyof my circuits or gears will help,I'll gladly donate them.
LUKE	He'll be all right.
